---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Progress in Programming Report
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2022-02-01
labels:
  - Assignment 1
  - Progress in Programming Report
  - E4
---

My programming skills have improved through learning how to piece together the things we learn in class. When I first began this course, I felt like I understood concepts on a surface level but as we've progressed, its been necessary to learn how all of these skills function together. I feel like pushing yourself and experimenting with your code is the only way to get better. 

In order to improve my programming skills I know that I need to spend more time outside of class independently learning. However, the course load for this class is already significant and I find myself struggling to create time outside of my other courses and responsibilities. ITM352 has a more intense workload than any of my other buisness classes so far, so if you are unsure about the major I really would not reccommend this as a good course to test the water (as advised at the beginning of the class.)

The labs and WODs have been the most helpful parts of this class. For the professor: I wish we would spend more time on completing labs in class because the material is very foundational. I feel like when I finish them on my own, I'm never fully sure if I'm doing them correctly. Consequently, when I begin to work on the assignments I wonder if my knowledge is based on a dysfunctional understanding of certain concepts. Otherwise Professor Port and the TA are really helpful when you reach out.

I'm also glad that we were given the option to work with a partner for Assignment 2. However, I imagine it can be difficult to work collaboratively on these types of projects with other people so I appreciate that it's not required. 
